[
    {
        "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "client_msg_id": "ed312b5f-1f5c-44ab-b371-81a32aa18e3b",
        "text": "I've been contacted a team at the University of California that will be applying for a sizeable <https:\/\/www.nsf.gov\/pubs\/2020\/nsf20604\/nsf20604.htm|NSF grant> to create a research institute. The focus of their application will be _Theme 1: Human-AI Interaction and Collaboration_. If they win the grant, some of the institute's funding would be earmarked for our FoC community. Why us? Well, the applicant feels that novel programming ideas will play a big role in future Human-AI interaction — even if said novel ideas are not AI-focussed themselves — and they want to support research toward that. Why _us_, specifically? We're an interdisciplinary group with diverse circumstances (industry, academia, indie, hobby), so we may be able to do more with the funding than a more homogenous\/traditional group. With our participation, they can help a new kind of cross-pollinated, forward-looking PL-UI vision come closer to existence, and related ideas to spread. Also, apparently, they enjoy the Podcast a lot :)\n\nWorth saying up front: this application faces a big uphill battle, so don't get your hopes up. We've had a few community funding offers lately, and none have panned out (yet). But it's worth taking the opportunity to hone our messaging and goals. If (when!) one of them does come through, we ought to be ready for it.\n\nHere's what I need from you for this grant application:\n\n*1) Ideas for how we could use the funding.* I'll share a few of my own in the replies to give you a sense of the scope and goals. I can't share exactly how much funding has been suggested, but pretend you had at least $5k\/month to spend on the community — how would you spend it?\n\n*2) People to help administrate the ideas from (1).* If you would be _tentatively_ willing to do this, please DM me and I'll give you more details. I'll need at least one person for each idea, so if you're willing to help _broadly_, let me know and I can pick one of the ideas that otherwise doesn't have a potential administrator. This is non-binding, it's just an indication of interest.\n\nThe deadline for this is super tight — they'll be moving to the next stage of the application on Monday. We need to get our thoughts together _within the next 24 hours_ so I can synthesize them into a proposal tomorrow.\n\nEven if we aren't selected for this particular grant, I hope this discussion will be generative of ideas for things we could do if (when!) the community eventually receives funding, so feel free to keep the discussion going past tomorrow.  We've had a few of these discussions already, and they've been very helpful for me when talking to potential sponsors \/ donors.\n\nThanks everyone!",
        "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "source_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gf94d2ed5e18",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/6f94d2ed5e188be9865a531021b0afcd.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0013-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "display_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
            "name": "ivanreese",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "reply_count": 25,
        "reply_users_count": 6,
        "latest_reply": "1608141244.071000",
        "reply_users": [
            "UC2A2ARPT",
            "U0123H7JRDM",
            "UBN9AFS0N",
            "UJ6LDMMN0",
            "USH01JEDQ",
            "UDQBTJ211"
        ],
        "replies": [
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605738071.022400"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605738111.022600"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605738140.022800"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605738170.023000"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605738180.023200"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605738245.023400"
            },
            {
                "user": "U0123H7JRDM",
                "ts": "1605777141.028600"
            },
            {
                "user": "UBN9AFS0N",
                "ts": "1605777682.029200"
            },
            {
                "user": "UBN9AFS0N",
                "ts": "1605777736.029500"
            },
            {
                "user": "UJ6LDMMN0",
                "ts": "1605797114.031100"
            },
            {
                "user": "UJ6LDMMN0",
                "ts": "1605797271.031300"
            },
            {
                "user": "U0123H7JRDM",
                "ts": "1605816894.032900"
            },
            {
                "user": "USH01JEDQ",
                "ts": "1605817342.033100"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605832600.036000"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605832776.036600"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605832945.037000"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605834161.037300"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605856178.038200"
            },
            {
                "user": "U0123H7JRDM",
                "ts": "1605857026.044300"
            },
            {
                "user": "U0123H7JRDM",
                "ts": "1605857428.049900"
            },
            {
                "user": "UJ6LDMMN0",
                "ts": "1605866948.050500"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1605911772.051300"
            },
            {
                "user": "U0123H7JRDM",
                "ts": "1605945256.059900"
            },
            {
                "user": "UDQBTJ211",
                "ts": "1608118089.069500"
            },
            {
                "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
                "ts": "1608141244.071000"
            }
        ],
        "is_locked": false,
        "subscribed": false,
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "1ya",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "I've been contacted a team at the University of California that will be applying for a sizeable "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/www.nsf.gov\/pubs\/2020\/nsf20604\/nsf20604.htm",
                                "text": "NSF grant"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " to create a research institute. The focus of their application will be "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Theme 1: Human-AI Interaction and Collaboration",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ". If they win the grant, some of the institute's funding would be earmarked for our FoC community. Why us? Well, the applicant feels that novel programming ideas will play a big role in future Human-AI interaction — even if said novel ideas are not AI-focussed themselves — and they want to support research toward that. Why "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "us",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ", specifically? We're an interdisciplinary group with diverse circumstances (industry, academia, indie, hobby), so we may be able to do more with the funding than a more homogenous\/traditional group. With our participation, they can help a new kind of cross-pollinated, forward-looking PL-UI vision come closer to existence, and related ideas to spread. Also, apparently, they enjoy the Podcast a lot :)\n\nWorth saying up front: this application faces a big uphill battle, so don't get your hopes up. We've had a few community funding offers lately, and none have panned out (yet). But it's worth taking the opportunity to hone our messaging and goals. If (when!) one of them does come through, we ought to be ready for it.\n\nHere's what I need from you for this grant application:\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "1) Ideas for how we could use the funding.",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " I'll share a few of my own in the replies to give you a sense of the scope and goals. I can't share exactly how much funding has been suggested, but pretend you had at least $5k\/month to spend on the community — how would you spend it?\n\n"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "2) People to help administrate the ideas from (1).",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " If you would be "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "tentatively",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " willing to do this, please DM me and I'll give you more details. I'll need at least one person for each idea, so if you're willing to help "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "broadly",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ", let me know and I can pick one of the ideas that otherwise doesn't have a potential administrator. This is non-binding, it's just an indication of interest.\n\nThe deadline for this is super tight — they'll be moving to the next stage of the application on Monday. We need to get our thoughts together "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "within the next 24 hours",
                                "style": {
                                    "italic": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": " so I can synthesize them into a proposal tomorrow.\n\nEven if we aren't selected for this particular grant, I hope this discussion will be generative of ideas for things we could do if (when!) the community eventually receives funding, so feel free to keep the discussion going past tomorrow.  We've had a few of these discussions already, and they've been very helpful for me when talking to potential sponsors \/ donors.\n\nThanks everyone!"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "bangbang",
                "users": [
                    "U013866H7LY",
                    "U01DUNFS2N4",
                    "UUQ2EQW21",
                    "UHWC9PXBL",
                    "U015902ESJC",
                    "UFB8STN7K",
                    "UBSMEUXAA",
                    "U019CPED6T1",
                    "U01554W5BS5",
                    "U01FM9NJPRN",
                    "U0123H7JRDM",
                    "UJ6LDMMN0",
                    "UUB7RA7PF",
                    "UEH5JQS0J",
                    "U015V233CFL",
                    "UML4ZEKDK",
                    "URSTX13HS",
                    "UJFN50C00",
                    "UUK6Y29R8",
                    "UFQQ3P867",
                    "USL4R0T61"
                ],
                "count": 21
            },
            {
                "name": "crossed_fingers",
                "users": [
                    "U01661S9F34",
                    "U013ZLJARC7",
                    "UUB7RA7PF",
                    "UAHHWT22U",
                    "UJFN50C00"
                ],
                "count": 5
            },
            {
                "name": "moneybag",
                "users": [
                    "U8A5MS6R1"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "exploding_head",
                "users": [
                    "UCUSW7WVD"
                ],
                "count": 1
            },
            {
                "name": "+1",
                "users": [
                    "UJFN50C00"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1605738071.022400",
        "edited": {
            "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
            "ts": "1605740132.000000"
        },
        "client_msg_id": "be461aa7-9d46-4fac-9105-4f6c8ae4b888",
        "text": "I'll start this thread with some of the ideas I've already pitched, that the person from this team would be happy to go forward with if approved by their PIs (and if they win the grant).",
        "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "source_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gf94d2ed5e18",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/6f94d2ed5e188be9865a531021b0afcd.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0013-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "display_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
            "name": "ivanreese",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "parent_user_id": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "QYz",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "I'll start this thread with some of the ideas I've already pitched, that the person from this team would be happy to go forward with if approved by their PIs (and if they win the grant)."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1605738111.022600",
        "edited": {
            "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
            "ts": "1605740192.000000"
        },
        "client_msg_id": "2bceccc2-d0b9-4da2-b157-4acb6ee061b9",
        "text": "*Directly Funding Research*\n\nModelled after programming grants like Google Summer of Code, Ruby Together, and Clojurists Together, we could use grant funding to directly pay researchers in our community to work on their research for a set period of time. We would first select a handful of community members to form an evaluation committee. Interested FoC researchers would then pitch to the committee, suggesting the area that they would explore and the deliverables they hoped to produce (like a prototype, paper, talk, or interactive article). The committee would select a project or two per quarter (based on available funding) and pay a monthly stipend to the researcher to support their work.",
        "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "source_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gf94d2ed5e18",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/6f94d2ed5e188be9865a531021b0afcd.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0013-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "display_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
            "name": "ivanreese",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "parent_user_id": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "1aRuF",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Directly Funding Research",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nModelled after programming grants like Google Summer of Code, Ruby Together, and Clojurists Together, we could use grant funding to directly pay researchers in our community to work on their research for a set period of time. We would first select a handful of community members to form an evaluation committee. Interested FoC researchers would then pitch to the committee, suggesting the area that they would explore and the deliverables they hoped to produce (like a prototype, paper, talk, or interactive article). The committee would select a project or two per quarter (based on available funding) and pay a monthly stipend to the researcher to support their work."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "users": [
                    "U0123H7JRDM",
                    "UJ6LDMMN0",
                    "UBN9AFS0N",
                    "UUB7RA7PF",
                    "UAZT04VT4",
                    "UCGAK10LS",
                    "UML4ZEKDK"
                ],
                "count": 7
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1605738140.022800",
        "client_msg_id": "336d35c8-a90d-484e-a2ef-619b2725e995",
        "text": "*Knowledgebase*\n\nTo the best of my knowledge, there is no definitive public-facing curated collection of FoC-relevant history, projects, ideas, and resources. There is no FoC Wikipedia. There is no FoC ACM. There is no FoC <https:\/\/plato.stanford.edu|SEP>. There is no dictionary of FoC. There is no Yellow Pages of FoC. No family tree of FoC. You get the idea.\n\nStarting in January 2021, I'm going to lead a community initiative to build such a knowledgebase. I intend for it to be the go-to place to record, synthesize, and cite the things we discuss in this community. Like Wikipedia, there will be a mix of \"open\" pages editable by anyone, and \"closed\" pages run by select curators.\n\n\"Open\" pages will be allow us all to collaborate on distilling our ideas. We do this already within the Slack, but the Slack (even with Mariano's newsletter and history search) is not a collaborative permanent record.\n\n\"Closed\" pages will allow us to hire guest authors \/ curators to research and publish original works of anthropology for our field. As an example, we could commission a curation and reflection on important FoC work done by people from underrepresented backgrounds. (Said commission would almost certainly go to a person from such a background, natch.)",
        "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "source_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gf94d2ed5e18",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/6f94d2ed5e188be9865a531021b0afcd.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0013-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "display_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
            "name": "ivanreese",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "parent_user_id": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "ibzaK",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Knowledgebase",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nTo the best of my knowledge, there is no definitive public-facing curated collection of FoC-relevant history, projects, ideas, and resources. There is no FoC Wikipedia. There is no FoC ACM. There is no FoC "
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "link",
                                "url": "https:\/\/plato.stanford.edu",
                                "text": "SEP"
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": ". There is no dictionary of FoC. There is no Yellow Pages of FoC. No family tree of FoC. You get the idea.\n\nStarting in January 2021, I'm going to lead a community initiative to build such a knowledgebase. I intend for it to be the go-to place to record, synthesize, and cite the things we discuss in this community. Like Wikipedia, there will be a mix of \"open\" pages editable by anyone, and \"closed\" pages run by select curators.\n\n\"Open\" pages will be allow us all to collaborate on distilling our ideas. We do this already within the Slack, but the Slack (even with Mariano's newsletter and history search) is not a collaborative permanent record.\n\n\"Closed\" pages will allow us to hire guest authors \/ curators to research and publish original works of anthropology for our field. As an example, we could commission a curation and reflection on important FoC work done by people from underrepresented backgrounds. (Said commission would almost certainly go to a person from such a background, natch.)"
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "users": [
                    "UAJKEBGP8",
                    "UPX3PH28N",
                    "UHWC9PXBL",
                    "U01FM9NJPRN",
                    "U0123H7JRDM",
                    "UJ6LDMMN0",
                    "UDQKHNP51",
                    "UBN9AFS0N",
                    "UDQBTJ211",
                    "UUB7RA7PF",
                    "UAHHWT22U",
                    "U016VUZGUUQ",
                    "U8A5MS6R1",
                    "UCGAK10LS",
                    "UML4ZEKDK",
                    "U01FBBVPZB5",
                    "UJFN50C00",
                    "U013H18BWU8"
                ],
                "count": 18
            },
            {
                "name": "point_up_2",
                "users": [
                    "UJFN50C00"
                ],
                "count": 1
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1605738170.023000",
        "client_msg_id": "2b6cb195-7c0f-43ed-b3be-ee1ee73c4b68",
        "text": "*FoC Podcast Miniseries*\n\nI'd like to produce a 99pi \/ Radiolab-esq miniseries of podcasts exploring major subjects within the FoC sphere. These podcasts would be made for a tech-savvy audience (perhaps at the level of Quanta Magazine), but one that is unfamiliar with our field and the major themes of our work. The goals would be to expand the audience for our work, encourage more people to work in this area, and share the fascinating things that we've discovered. Funding would be used to compensate me and anyone else who contributed to the creation of this series.",
        "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "source_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gf94d2ed5e18",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/6f94d2ed5e188be9865a531021b0afcd.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0013-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "display_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
            "name": "ivanreese",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "parent_user_id": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "P6EMA",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "FoC Podcast Miniseries",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nI'd like to produce a 99pi \/ Radiolab-esq miniseries of podcasts exploring major subjects within the FoC sphere. These podcasts would be made for a tech-savvy audience (perhaps at the level of Quanta Magazine), but one that is unfamiliar with our field and the major themes of our work. The goals would be to expand the audience for our work, encourage more people to work in this area, and share the fascinating things that we've discovered. Funding would be used to compensate me and anyone else who contributed to the creation of this series."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "users": [
                    "UCUSW7WVD",
                    "U01554W5BS5",
                    "U0123H7JRDM",
                    "UJ6LDMMN0",
                    "UBN9AFS0N",
                    "U016VUZGUUQ",
                    "U8A5MS6R1",
                    "U01FBBVPZB5",
                    "U013H18BWU8"
                ],
                "count": 9
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1605738180.023200",
        "client_msg_id": "7a67a927-c06b-4607-970b-6b2df547a3a4",
        "text": "*Demo Days, Conferences, Events*\n\nOur community is full of folks working separately, chipping away on their slice of our shared vision. Our members have participated in formal conferences and events like LIVE, IFPS \/ FARM, Strange Loop, PPIG, etc. We've put together some events of our own, too, though they've been only lightly organized and somewhat informal. With a bit of funding, we could afford to pay people to do the work of organizing and hosting larger, more frequent events, and perhaps even pay a fee for participants. This would give us the cause to polish up some of our research projects, distill out the most interesting details, and present them in a clear and appealing way to a wider audience.",
        "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "source_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gf94d2ed5e18",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/6f94d2ed5e188be9865a531021b0afcd.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0013-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "display_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
            "name": "ivanreese",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "parent_user_id": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "4PGe",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Demo Days, Conferences, Events",
                                "style": {
                                    "bold": true
                                }
                            },
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "\n\nOur community is full of folks working separately, chipping away on their slice of our shared vision. Our members have participated in formal conferences and events like LIVE, IFPS \/ FARM, Strange Loop, PPIG, etc. We've put together some events of our own, too, though they've been only lightly organized and somewhat informal. With a bit of funding, we could afford to pay people to do the work of organizing and hosting larger, more frequent events, and perhaps even pay a fee for participants. This would give us the cause to polish up some of our research projects, distill out the most interesting details, and present them in a clear and appealing way to a wider audience."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ],
        "reactions": [
            {
                "name": "heart",
                "users": [
                    "UCUSW7WVD",
                    "U01554W5BS5",
                    "U01FM9NJPRN",
                    "U0123H7JRDM",
                    "UJ6LDMMN0",
                    "UBN9AFS0N",
                    "UDQBTJ211",
                    "U8A5MS6R1",
                    "UCGAK10LS",
                    "UML4ZEKDK"
                ],
                "count": 10
            }
        ]
    },
    {
        "user": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "type": "message",
        "ts": "1605738245.023400",
        "client_msg_id": "6577538d-9a46-40d8-ab1a-341f092a5f83",
        "text": "Those are my ideas. (Sorry for the wall of text.) If you have any ideas for what we could do with some funding (on the order of $5000\/month), give them a similar writeup and share them here.",
        "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "source_team": "T5TCAFTA9",
        "user_profile": {
            "avatar_hash": "gf94d2ed5e18",
            "image_72": "https:\/\/secure.gravatar.com\/avatar\/6f94d2ed5e188be9865a531021b0afcd.jpg?s=72&d=https%3A%2F%2Fa.slack-edge.com%2Fdf10d%2Fimg%2Favatars%2Fava_0013-72.png",
            "first_name": "Ivan",
            "real_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "display_name": "Ivan Reese",
            "team": "T5TCAFTA9",
            "name": "ivanreese",
            "is_restricted": false,
            "is_ultra_restricted": false
        },
        "thread_ts": "1605737998.022300",
        "parent_user_id": "UC2A2ARPT",
        "blocks": [
            {
                "type": "rich_text",
                "block_id": "zGP",
                "elements": [
                    {
                        "type": "rich_text_section",
                        "elements": [
                            {
                                "type": "text",
                                "text": "Those are my ideas. (Sorry for the wall of text.) If you have any ideas for what we could do with some funding (on the order of $5000\/month), give them a similar writeup and share them here."
                            }
                        ]
                    }
                ]
            }
        ]
    }
]